 the technology necessary to make it possible, is just around 
the corner. And so everything that moves will be robotic and they'll learn how to be 
a robot in Omniverse Cosmos and we'll generate all these plausible, physically plausible futures 
and the the robots will learn from them and then they'll come into the physical world and you 
know it's exactly the same. A future where you're just surrounded by robots is for certain. 
And I'm just excited about having my own R2-D2. And of course R2-D2 wouldn't be quite the can that 
it is and roll around. It'll be you know R2-D2 yeah, it'll probably be a different physical 
embodiment, but it's always R2. You know so my R2 is going to go around with me. Sometimes it's in my 
smart glasses, sometimes it's in my phone, sometimes it's in my PC. It's in my car. So R2 is with me 
all the time including you know when I get home you know where I left a physical version of R2. And 
you know whatever that version happens to be you know, we'll interact with R2. And so I 
think the idea that we'll have our own R2-D2 for our entire life and it grows up with us, that's 
a certainty now yeah. I think a lot of news media when they talk about futures like this they focus 
on what could go wrong. And that makes sense. There is a lot that could go wrong. We should talk about 
what could go wrong so we could keep it from from going wrong. Yeah that's the approach that we like 
to take on the show is, what are the big challenges so that we can overcome them? Yeah. What buckets do 
you think about when you're worrying about this future? Well there's a whole bunch of the 
stuff that everybody talks about: Bias or toxicity or just hallucination. You know speaking with 
great confidence about something it knows nothing about and as a result we rely on that information. 
Generating, that's a version of generating fake information, fake news or fake images 
or whatever it is. Of course impersonation. It does such a good job pretending to be a 
h
-> summary ->
*   Technological advancements are rapidly approaching, enabling the widespread deployment of robotic systems within environments like Omniverse Cosmos.
*   These systems will autonomously learn and adapt through simulated experiences, ultimately leading to a future dominated by robotic presence.
*   Personalized robotic companions, such as an evolved version of R2-D2, are anticipated to be ubiquitous, accessible through various devices and integrated into daily life.
*   Discussions regarding this future primarily center on major challenges, notably including concerns about biases, misinformation generation, and deceptive impersonation.