language model. Just like ChatGPT was a language model, this is a world model. The second thing we have to 
go do is we have to do the same thing that we did with PDFs and context and grounding it with 
ground truth. And so the way we augment Cosmos with ground truth is with physical simulations, 
because Omniverse uses physics simulation which is based on principled solvers. The mathematics 
is Newtonian physics is the, right, it's the math we know, all of the the fundamental laws of 
physics we've understood for a very long time. And it's encoded into, captured into Omniverse. 
That's why Omniverse is a simulator. And using the simulator to ground or to condition Cosmos, we can 
now generate an infinite number of stories of the future. And they're grounded on physical truth. Just 
like between PDF or search plus ChatGPT, we can generate an infinite amount of interesting things, 
answer a whole bunch of interesting questions. The combination of Omniverse plus Cosmos, you could 
do that for the physical world. So to illustrate this for the audience, if you had a robot in a 
factory and you wanted to make it learn every route that it could take, instead of manually 
going through all of those routes, which could take days and could be a lot of wear and tear on 
the robot, we're now able to simulate all of them digitally in a fraction of the time and in many 
different situations that the robot might face - it's dark, it's blocked it's etc - so the robot 
is now learning much much faster. It seems to me like the future might look very different than 
today. If you play this out 10 years, how do you see people actually interacting with this technology 
in the near future? Cleo, everything that moves will be robotic someday and it will be soon. You 
know the the idea that you'll be pushing around a lawn mower is already kind of silly. You know 
maybe people do it because because it's fun but but there's no need to. And every car is 
going to be robotic. Humanoid robots,
-> summary ->
*   The system operates as a “world model,” analogous to language models like ChatGPT, leveraging a core capability to generate potentially infinite scenarios.
*   Grounding is achieved through integration with physical simulations, specifically utilizing Newtonian physics within Omniverse to provide a foundation for generated content.
*   The combination of Omniverse and Cosmos enables the creation of numerous future-oriented narratives, constrained by established physical laws, effectively addressing complex, multi-faceted questions.
*   This technology’s application – exemplified by robot training scenarios – promises drastically accelerated learning processes compared to traditional, manual methods.