, we could create new technology. And that 
flywheel between technology and market and greater technology was really the flywheel that 
got NVIDIA to become one of the most important technology companies in the world. It was all 
because of video games. I've heard you say that GPUs were a time machine? Yeah. Could you tell me 
more about what you meant by that? A GPU is like a time machine because it lets you see the future 
sooner. One of the most amazing things anybody's ever said to me was a quantum chemistry 
scientist. He said, Jensen, because of NVIDIA's work, I can do my life's work in my lifetime. That's time 
travel. He was able to do something that was beyond his lifetime within his lifetime and this is 
because we make applications run so much faster and you get to see the future. And so when you're 
doing weather prediction for example, you're seeing the future when you're doing a simulation 
a virtual city with virtual traffic and we're simulating our self-driving car through 
that virtual city, we're doing time travel. So parallel processing takes off in gaming and it's 
allowing us to create worlds in computers that we never could have before and and gaming is sort 
of this this first incredible cas Cas of parallel processing unlocking a lot more power and then 
as you said people begin to use that power across many different industries. The case of the of the 
quantum chemistry researcher, when I've heard you tell that story it's that he was running molecular 
simulations in a way where it was much faster to run in parallel on NVIDIA GPUs even then than it 
was to run them on the supercomputer with the CPU that he had been using before. Yeah that's true. So 
oh my god it's revolutionizing all of these other industries as well, it's beginning to change 
how we see what's possible with computers and my understanding is that in the early 2000s you 
see this and you realize that actually doing that is a little bit difficult because what that 
researcher 
-> summary ->
NVIDIA’s success is fundamentally driven by the synergistic relationship between technological innovation and market adoption, functioning as a key “flywheel.”

The company’s graphical processing units (GPUs) enable accelerated computation, facilitating a “time-travel” effect by allowing users to observe future outcomes more rapidly.

This capability is particularly evident in computationally intensive fields such as weather prediction, virtual simulations, and autonomous vehicle development.

The initial momentum derived from parallel processing within the gaming industry has since expanded across diverse sectors, dramatically altering perceptions of computer processing potential.