had to do is he had to sort of trick the GPUs into thinking that his problem was a 
graphics problem. That's exactly right, no that's very good, you did some research. So you create 
a way to make that a lot easier. That's right Specifically it's a platform called CUDA which 
lets programmers tell the GPU what to do using programming languages that they already know like 
C and that's a big deal because it gives way more people easier access to all of this computing 
power. Could you explain what the vision was that led you to create CUDA? Partly researchers 
discovering it, partly internal inspiration and and partly solving a problem. And you know a 
lot of interesting interesting ideas come out of that soup. You know some of it is aspiration 
and inspiration, some of it is just desperation you know. And so in the case of CUDA is very 
much this the same way and probably the first external ideas of using our GPUs for parallel 
processing emerged out of some interesting work in medical imaging a couple of researchers 
at Mass General were using it to do CT reconstruction. They were using our graphics 
processors for that reason and it inspired us. Meanwhile the problem that we're trying to solve 
inside our company has to do with the fact that when you're trying to create these virtual worlds 
for video games, you would like it to be beautiful but also dynamic. Water should flow like water and 
explosions should be like explosions. So there's particle physics you want to do, fluid dynamics 
you want to do and that is much harder to do if your pipeline is only able to do computer graphics. 
And so we have a natural reason to want to do it in the market that we were serving. So 
researchers were also horsing around with using our GPUs for general purpose uh acceleration and 
and so there there are multiple multiple factors that were coming together in that soup, we 
just when the time came and we decided to do something proper and created a CUDA as 
a result of that. 
-> summary ->
*   The initial strategy involved manipulating GPUs to simulate graphics issues, reflecting a deliberate approach to accessibility.
*   CUDA emerged as a platform enabling programmers to utilize GPUs through familiar languages like C, thereby expanding computational resources to a broader audience.
*   The development of CUDA was influenced by both external research, notably in medical imaging applications of GPU parallel processing, and internal company needs to create visually dynamic virtual environments for video games.
*   Multiple factors, including researcher experimentation with general-purpose GPU acceleration and the demand for realistic simulations within the gaming market, contributed to the eventual creation and formalization of the CUDA platform.