oking graphics but the hardware couldn't keep up with all of that 
necessary math. NVIDIA came up with a solution that would change not just games 
but computing itself. Could you take us back there and explain what was happening and what 
were the insights that led you and the NVIDIA team to create the first modern GPU? So in the 
early '90s when we first started the company we observed that in a software program inside 
it there are just a few lines of code, maybe 10% of the code, does 99% % of the processing 
and that 99% of the processing could be done in parallel. However the other 90% of the code 
has to be done sequentially. It turns out that the proper computer the perfect computer is one 
that could do sequential processing and parallel processing not just one or the other. That was the 
big observation and we set out to build a company to solve computer problems that normal computers 
can't. And that's really the beginning of NVIDIA. My favorite visual of why a CPU versus a 
GPU really matters so much is a 15-year-old video on the NVIDIA YouTube channel where the 
Mythbusters, they use a little robot shooting paintballs one by one to show solving problems 
one at a time or sequential processing on a CPU, but then they roll out this huge robot 
that shoots all of the paintballs at once doing smaller problems all at the same 
time or parallel processing on a GPU. "3... 2... 1..." So Nvidia unlocks all of this new power
for video games. Why gaming first? The video games requires parallel processing for processing 
3D graphics and we chose video games because, one, we loved the application, it's a simulation 
of virtual worlds and who doesn't want to go to virtual worlds and we had the good observation 
that video games has potential to be the largest market for for entertainment ever. And it turned 
out to be true. And having it being a large market is important because the technology is complicated 
and if we had a large market, our R&D budget could be large
-> summary ->
Early computer architecture presented a fundamental inefficiency, with a small percentage of code handling the vast majority of processing tasks sequentially. 

The observation that computers could benefit from simultaneously executing both sequential and parallel processing led to the conceptualization of a new computing paradigm.

NVIDIA initially focused on video games as a prime application for this parallel processing approach, recognizing the industry's demand for enhanced 3D graphics rendering.

A large entertainment market provided the necessary scale to justify the considerable research and development investment required to create and refine the first modern GPU technology.