s a good question. It probably felt like today. You 
know to me, there's always some problem and then there's some reason to be to be 
impatient. There's always some reason to be happy about where you are and there's always 
many reasons to carry on. And so I think as I was reflecting a second ago, that sounds like this 
morning! So but I would say that in all things that we pursue, first you have to have core beliefs. You 
have to reason from your best principles and ideally you're reasoning from it from principles 
of either physics or deep understanding of the industry or deep understanding of the 
science, wherever you're reasoning from, you reason from first principles. And at some point you 
have to believe something. And if those principles don't change and the assumptions don't change,
then you, there's no reason to change your core beliefs. And then along the way there's always 
some evidence of you know of success and and that you're leading in the right 
direction and sometimes you know you go a long time without evidence of success and you 
might have to course correct a little but the evidence comes. And if you feel like you're 
going in the right direction, we just keep on going. The question of why did we stay so committed for 
so long, the answer is actually the opposite: There was no reason to not be committed because we are, 
we believed it. And I've believed in NVIDIA for 30 plus years and I'm still here working 
every single day. There's no fundamental reason for me to change my belief system and 
I fundamentally believe that the work we're doing in revolutionizing computing 
is as true today, even more true today than it was before. And so we'll stick 
with it you know until otherwise. There's of course very difficult times along the way. You 
know when you're investing in something and nobody else believes in it and cost a lot of money and 
you know maybe investors or or others would rather you just keep the profit or you know whatever it 
is i
-> summary ->
*   A foundational element of progress involves establishing robust core beliefs derived from principles of physics, industry understanding, or scientific knowledge.
*   Persistent commitment to a course of action is justified by accumulating evidence of successful trajectory, even if periods of lacking such evidence necessitate course correction.
*   Maintaining unwavering conviction in one’s beliefs, irrespective of external skepticism or financial investment, is a critical factor in long-term success.
*   The sustained dedication to a particular endeavor stems from a deeply held belief in its inherent validity and future potential.