hine learning is so vast that it has the potential of 
reshaping the computer industry altogether, which prompted us to re-engineer the entire 
computing stack which is where DGX came from and this little baby DGX sitting here, all of 
this came from from that observation that we ought to reinvent the entire computing stack layer by 
layer by layer. You know computers, after 65 years since IBM System 360 introduced modern general 
purpose computing, we've reinvented computing as we know it. To think about this as a whole story, so 
parallel processing reinvents modern gaming and revolutionizes an entire industry then that way 
of computing that parallel processing begins to be used across different industries. You invest 
in that by building CUDA and then CUDA and the use of GPUs allows for a a step change in neural 
networks and machine learning and begins a sort of revolution that we're now seeing only 
increase in importance today... All of a sudden computer vision is solved. All of a sudden speech 
recognition is solved. All of a sudden language understanding is solved. These incredible 
problems associated with intelligence one by one by one by one where we had no solutions 
for in past, desperate desire to have solutions for, all of a sudden one after another get solved 
you know every couple of years. It's incredible. Yeah so you're seeing that, in 2012 you're 
looking ahead and believing that that's the future that you're going to be living in now, 
and you're making bets that get you there, really big bets that have very high stakes. And then my 
perception as a lay person is that it takes a pretty long time to get there. You make these bets - 
8 years, 10 years - so my question is: If AlexNet that happened in 2012 and this audience 
is probably seeing and hearing so much more about AI and NVIDIA specifically 10 years later, 
why did it take a decade and also because you had placed those bets, what did the middle 
of that decade feel like for you? Wow that'
-> summary ->
*   The evolution of computing necessitated a fundamental re-engineering of the entire computing stack, leading to the development of systems like DGX.
*   Parallel processing, facilitated by technologies such as CUDA and GPUs, fundamentally altered industries including gaming and subsequently enabled a rapid advancement in neural networks and machine learning.
*   A series of breakthroughs, particularly starting in 2012 with innovations like AlexNet, dramatically resolved previously intractable problems in areas such as computer vision, speech recognition, and language understanding.
*   Strategic investments in AI and NVIDIA, made with a long-term perspective, faced a perceived disparity between initial predictions and the actual timeline of technological development.