n't like one-on ones. I'm not going to ask you 
about regulations or politics. I think all of those things are important but I think that our 
audience can get them well covered elsewhere. Okay. What we do on huge if true is we make optimistic 
explainer videos and we've covered - I'm the worst person to be an explainer video. I think you 
might be the best and I think that's what I'm really hoping that we can do together is make a 
joint explainer video about how can we actually use technology to make the future better. Yeah. And 
we do it because we believe that when people see those better futures, they help build them. So 
the people that you're going to be talking to are awesome. They are optimists who want to 
build those better futures but because we cover so many different topics, we've covered 
supersonic planes and quantum computers and particle colliders, it means that millions 
of people come into every episode without any prior knowledge whatsoever. You might be 
talking to an expert in their field who doesn't know the difference between a CPU and a GPU or a 
12-year-old who might grow up one day to be you but is just starting to learn. For my part, 
I've now been preparing for this interview for several months, including doing background 
conversations with many members of your team but I'm not an engineer. So my goal is to help that 
audience see the future that you see so I'm going to ask about three areas: The first is, how did we 
get here? What were the key insights that led to this big fundamental shift in computing that we're 
in now? The second is, what's actually happening right now? How did those insights lead to the world 
that we're now living in that seems like so much is going on all at once? And the third is, what is 
the vision for what you see coming next? In order to talk about this big moment we're in with AI 
I think we need to go back to video games in the '90s. At the time I know game developers wanted 
to create more realistic lo
-> summary ->
*   The primary objective is to produce optimistic explainer videos targeted at a broad audience lacking technical expertise, facilitating the construction of a desired future.
*   The focus will be on elucidating the historical trajectory of advancements in computing, specifically tracing the origins of the current paradigm shift.
*   The exploration will encompass a detailed analysis of ongoing technological developments, acknowledging the complexity of the current landscape.
*   The ultimate goal is to articulate a prospective vision of the future, leveraging insights from areas such as video game development to contextualize the impact of artificial intelligence.