n AI - self-driving cars, and we're going to 
be right on robotics and - this is my question. What are the bets you're making now? the latest bet we
just described at the CES and I'm very very proud of it and I'm very excited about it is the 
fusion of Omniverse and Cosmos so that we have this new type of generative world generation 
system, this multiverse generation system. I think that's going to be profoundly important in 
the future of robotics and physical systems. Of course the work that we're doing with human 
robots, developing the tooling systems and the training systems and the human demonstration 
systems and all of this stuff that that you've already mentioned, we're just seeing the 
beginnings of that work and I think the next 5 years are going to be very interesting in 
the world of human robotics. Of course the work that we're doing in digital biology so that 
we can understand the language of molecules and understand the language of cells and just as 
we understand the language of physics and the physical world we'd like to understand the language 
of the human body and understand the language of biology. And so if we can learn that, and we can 
predict it. Then all of a sudden our ability to have a digital twin of the human is plausible. 
And so I'm very excited about that work. I love the work that we're doing in climate science 
and be able to, from weather predictions, understand and predict the high resolution regional climates, 
the weather patterns within a kilometer above your head. That we can somehow predict that with 
great accuracy, its implications is really quite profound. And so the number of things that 
we're working on is really cool. You know we we're fortunate that we've created this 
this instrument that is a time machine and we need time machines in all of these areas that 
we just talked about so that we can see the future. And if we could see the future and 
we can predict the future then we have a better chance of making tha
-> summary ->
*   Significant investment is being directed towards the integration of Omniverse and Cosmos to establish a novel generative world system, deemed crucial for the advancement of robotics and physical systems.

*   Ongoing research focuses on human-robot interaction, specifically the development of tooling systems, training methodologies, and human demonstration technologies, anticipating transformative developments over the next five years.

*   Exploration of digital biology is central, with the goal of deciphering the “language” of molecules and cells to create accurate digital twins of the human body and predict biological processes.

*   Research extends into climate science, prioritizing high-resolution regional climate prediction and weather pattern forecasting to unlock profound implications for understanding and addressing environmental challenges.