aving a 
computer that enables the flexibility of of research and innovation and new ideas is 
fundamentally the most important thing. One of the things that I am just so curious about, you design 
the chips. There are companies that assemble the chips. There are companies that design hardware to 
make it possible to work at nanometer scale. When you're designing tools like this, how do you think 
about design in the context of what's physically possible right now to make? What are the things 
that you're thinking about with sort of pushing that limit today? The way we do it is even 
though even though we have things made like for example our chips are made by TSMC. Even though 
we have them made by TSMC, we assume that we need to have the deep expertise that TSMC has. And so 
we have people in our company who are incredibly good at semiconductive physics so that we have a 
feeling for, we have an intuition for, what are the limits of what today's semiconductor physics 
can do. And then we work very closely with them to discover the limits because we're trying to push 
the limits and so we discover the limits together. Now we do the same thing in system engineering and 
cooling systems. It turns out plumbing is really important to us because of liquid cooling. 
And maybe fans are really important to us because of air cooling and we're trying to design 
these fans in a way almost like you know they're aerodynamically sound so that we could pass the 
highest volume of air, make the least amount of noise. So we have aerodynamics engineers in our
company. And so even though even though we don't make 'em, we design them and we have to deep 
expertise of knowing how to have them made. And and from that we try to push the 
limits. One of the themes of this conversation is that you are a person who makes big bets on the 
future and time and time again you've been right about those bets. We've talked about GPUs, we've 
talked about CUDA, we've talked about bets you've made i
-> summary ->
*   The foundational element is access to computing resources facilitating research, innovation, and the generation of novel concepts.
*   Strategic reliance on external partners, such as TSMC, combined with internal deep expertise in semiconductive physics, is essential for pushing the boundaries of technological capabilities.
*   System-level design incorporates specialized engineering disciplines, including aerodynamics, to optimize cooling solutions and maximize performance characteristics.
*   A core operating principle involves substantial investments in future technologies, demonstrated historically through successful predictions regarding GPUs and CUDA.