t future the best version 
of it. And that's the reason why scientists want to predict the future. That's the reason why, 
that's the reason why we try to predict the future and everything that we try to design so that we 
can optimize for the best version. So if someone is watching this and maybe they came into 
this video knowing that NVIDIA is an incredibly important company but not fully understanding why 
or how it might affect their life and they're now hopefully better understanding a big shift that 
we've gone through over the last few decades in computing, this very exciting, very sort of strange 
moment that we're in right now, where we're sort of on the precipice of so many different things. 
If they would like to be able to look into the future a little bit, how would you advise them to 
prepare or to think about this moment that they're in personally with respect to how these tools 
are actually going to affect them? Well there are several ways to reason about the future that 
we're creating. One way to reason about it is, suppose the work that you do continues to 
be important but the effort by which you do it went from you know being a week long 
to almost instantaneous. You know that the effort of drudgery basically goes to zero. 
What is the implication of that? This is, this is very similar to what would change if all 
of a sudden we had highways in this country? And that kind of happened you know in the last 
Industrial Revolution, all of a sudden we have interstate highways and when you have interstate 
highways what happens? Well you know suburbs start to be created and and all of a sudden you know 
distribution of goods from east to west is no longer a concern and all of a sudden gas 
stations start cropping up on highways and and fast food restaurants show up and you 
know someone, some motels show up because people you know traveling across the state, across the 
country and just wanted to stay somewhere for a few hours or overnight, and so a
-> summary ->
The pursuit of predicting the future is fundamentally driven by a desire to optimize technological advancements and their impact.

Significant shifts in computing over recent decades have positioned NVIDIA as a key player, reflecting a transition towards dramatically accelerated processing capabilities.

Individuals should consider the implications of increasingly efficient work processes – analogous to the changes brought about by the interstate highway system – wherein reduced effort and automation reshape industries and consumer behaviors. 

Preparing for the future necessitates acknowledging the potential for transformative changes in productivity, distribution, and spatial organization, ultimately altering the landscape of economic activity and personal experiences.