to robotics, to transportation, optimizing logistics? How can 
I apply AI to you know teaching? How do I apply AI to you know podcasting right? I'd love to 
choose a couple of those to help people see how this fundamental change in computing that we've 
been talking about is actually going to change their experience of their lives, how they're 
actually going to use technology that is based on everything we just talked about. One of the 
things that I've now heard you talk a lot about and I have a particular interest in is physical 
AI. Or in other words, robots - "my friends!" - meaning humanoid robots but also robots like self-driving 
cars and smart buildings or autonomous warehouses or autonomous lawnmowers or more. From what 
I understand, we might be about to see a huge leap in what all of these robots are capable of 
because we're changing how we train them. Up until recently you've either had to train your robot in 
the real world where it could get damaged or wear down or you could get data from fairly limited 
sources like humans in motion capture suits. But that means that robots aren't getting as many 
examples as they'd need to learn more quickly. But now we're starting to train robots in digital 
worlds, which means way more repetitions a day, way more conditions, learning way faster. So we could 
be in a big bang moment for robots right now and NVIDIA is building tools to make that happen. You 
have Omniverse and my understanding is this is 3D worlds that help train robotic systems so that 
they don't need to train in the physical world. That's exactly right. You just just announced 
Cosmos which is ways to make that 3D universe much more realistic. So you can get all kinds 
of different, if we're training something on this table, many different kinds of lighting on the 
table, many different times of day, many different you know experiences for the robot to go through 
so that it can get even more out of Omniverse. As a kid who grew up loving Data on
-> summary ->
*   The conversation centers on the application of artificial intelligence, particularly within the context of transformative changes in computing and their impact on everyday experiences.
*   A significant shift is occurring in robotics training, moving from reliance on physical world training – potentially leading to damage or limited data – to accelerated learning through digital simulations.
*   NVIDIA’s Omniverse platform, alongside the recently announced Cosmos, facilitates this transition by providing expansive, realistic 3D environments for robotic system training, enabling vastly increased repetition and diverse experiential learning.
*   The discussion highlights a potential “big bang moment” for robotics, driven by the capacity to create more comprehensive training scenarios in digital spaces, ultimately improving robotic capabilities.