n that computer in a day.
There's just no chance. Somebody really has to show it to you and yet with ChatGPT if you 
don't know how to use it, all you have to do is type in "I don't know how to use ChatGPT, tell 
me," and it would come back and give you some examples and so that's the amazing thing.
You know the amazing thing about intelligence is it'll help you along the way and make you uh 
superhuman you know along the way. All right I have one more question if you have a second. This is 
not something that I planned to ask you but on the way here, I'm a little bit afraid of planes, 
which is not my most reasonable quality, and the flight here was a little bit bumpy mhm very 
bumpy and I'm sitting there and it's moving and I'm thinking about what they're going to say at my 
funeral and after - She asked good questions, that's what the tombstone's going to say  - I 
hope so! Yeah. And after I loved my husband and my friends and my family, the thing that I hoped that 
they would talk about was optimism. I hope that they would recognize what I'm trying to do here. 
And I'm very curious for you, you've you've been doing this a long time, it feels like there's 
so much that you've described in this vision ahead, what would the theme be that you would 
want people to say about what you're trying to do? Very simply, they made an extraordinary impact. 
I think that we're fortunate because of some core beliefs a long time ago and sticking with 
those core beliefs and building upon them we found ourselves today being one of 
the most, one of the many most important and consequential technology companies in
the world and potentially ever. And so we take that responsibility very seriously.
We work hard to make sure that the capabilities that we've created are 
available to large companies as well as individual researchers and developers, across 
every field of science no matter profitable or not, big or small, famous or otherwise. 
And it's because of this understanding of t
-> summary ->
*   The conversation highlights the intuitive support offered by ChatGPT through prompting, particularly for users unfamiliar with its functionalities.

*   A personal reflection emerges regarding anxieties surrounding air travel and the desired legacy of optimism associated with one’s efforts.

*   The speaker expresses a belief in the significant impact of the company's core values, leading to its position as a globally influential technology organization.

*   Accessibility of advanced capabilities is prioritized, with a commitment to providing technology to diverse stakeholders including large corporations, researchers, and developers across various scientific disciplines.